feat(curriculum): add pin-extractor workshop to FS (#60925)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-pin-extractor/685578aae65e4106ad2b4300.md

---
id: 685578aae65e4106ad2b4300
title: Step 7
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

> 

Reviewer: This is the first time they use `enumerate` so a brief example would be nice.
The following is currently part of the medical data validator, which comes later. So it makes sense to move it here. Feel free to change it.

> As you learned in a previous lecture, the `enumerate` function allows to keep track of the index while looping over an iterable:

```py
person = {'name': 'John', 'age': 33}

for index, item in enumerate(person):
    print(index, item)

# 0 name
# 1 age
```

Reviewer 2: ```py
fruits = ['apple', 'plum', 'bananas'] 

for index, item in enumerate(fruits):  
    print(index, item)  

# 0 apple  
# 1 plum
# 2 bananas
```

---
id: 685578aae65e4106ad2b4300
title: Step 7
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

As you learned in a previous lecture, the `enumerate` function allows to keep track of the index while looping over an iterable:

```py
fruits = ['apple', 'plum', 'bananas'] 

for index, item in enumerate(fruits):  
    print(index, item)  

# 0 apple  
# 1 plum
# 2 bananas
```

The nth digit of the secret code comes from the nth word of the nth line, so you need to know what is the number of each line.

> Change the loop so that it iterates on `enumerate(lines)`, and add an other loop variable before `line` called `line_index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the loop so that it iterates on `enumerate(lines)`, and add another loop variable before `line` named `line_index`.
```

> Also, update the `print` call to say `print(line_index, line)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, update the `print` call to `print(line_index, line)`.
```
